>> Brian Holt: Again,
this is at bit-la/react-v4.
That'll take you to the website.
In the State and Lifecycle Methods,
click here.
>> Brian Holt: This is gonna take you
to the Petfinder website.
I have credentials already.
So, I'm going to just sign in and
grab my credentials but
I need you to go sign up and
get your own credentials here.
The amazing people that make this
website for free, or this API for free,
so that you can build applications around
adopting animals, so I'm a huge fan.
I will be donating some of my
proceeds from this to them for
supplying you all with this awesome API.
>> Brian Holt: So
here are my keys and secrets.
Do not use them.
[LAUGH] Please?
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: I will
also be changing it
immediately after this.
So if you're watching the video of
this you will not be able to use
them.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
you're gonna end up with this API key and
API secret right here.
What I want you to do now is go over
to your code, make a new file and
call it .env and
save it right on the same level as your
package.json, the root
directory of your project.
Yes, use .env.
If you've ever heard of.
Might, it's actually quite common across
Java, and Python, and now JavaScript.
It's the ability to define
environmental variables as a file, and
parcel will read from this automatically,
more magic from parcel.
So all you wanna do here is, I wanna put
API_KEY=, whatever my key is, right?
And then API secret, right here
API_secret.
>> Brian Holt: And
now, instead of my parcel app,
I can refer to process.m.apikey
anywhere and it will spit this out.
So this is a good way of
managing secrets with
JavaScript projects is
with these .m files.
The key here is that
you'll get ignore this.
You actually won't check this code in.
Just every developer will set up
their own API keys, right, and
will be able to access the application.
You can actually even get
a little bit more clever, and
you can actually load these things from
something like Kubernetes Secrets or
you can load it with, Azure has
this thing called Azure Key Vault.
That you set it up in the cloud and
then it's automated loaded into
your application at build time.
So cool stuff like that.
So anything else that you would
consider a secret here or
wanted to do something like node env
equals development or something like that.
Any one of these environmental variables
that you want be able to change really
easily at a project level,
dot env is a really good way to do that.
Or it's things like this,
api keys and secrets and
that kind of stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
Question.
>> Speaker 2: I would assume you wouldn't
wanna put this under version control
because then you're sending your keys into
your GitHub or whatever it may be.
>> Brian Holt: Right.
>> Speaker 2: Do you use some kind of
dotenv dot sample with placeholder keys to
give people basic starting point?
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
If I'm building a library or an example
resource or something like that.
I will check in basically
>> Brian Holt: This and
I just won't put up the keys and
hope that they will fill in those keys
afterwards.
>> Speaker 2: Would
they then get ignore the file and-
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: So they take the file and
it's in the repo and then they get
ignore it and put their keys in?
>> Brian Holt: Well, so
I'll check it in first and get ignore it.
So if you check something in and then get
ignore it without actually removing it,
it still stays in the repo.
Right?
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: .gitignore
just means ignore all future
things to do with this file.
>> Speaker 2: That's great cuz I've spent
so much time futzing with .sample
files of configs and things.
Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: Totally.
>> Brian Holt: So does everyone have keys
and secrets now?
Cool, so thank you, Petfinder.
Hopefully someone adopts an animal.
If anyone adopts an animal because
of this, please tell me, so
I can feel good about myself.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] People in the chat
that are outside of the US, we're asking
for a sample ZIP codes, so just use 55402.
That's where we are right now.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, that works.
I guess they do require that, don't they?
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
yes, so that bears mentioning, we are
going to be doing searches using this API.
It is a US based API.
It only covers adoption agencies
here in the United States.
So when it starts asking for city and
location, you'll have to use a city and
state here in the United States,
but I will provide those for you.